in this second stage of the visit to Holland in the city of flowers in the state of são
paulo we will bring more positive results with the products of the line
armindo saucers
besides guaranteeing the sanity of the flowers
in the property of its general we will show what is the ps also guaranteed the
quality unit of plants
all the beauty got nutritional balance
translates into valuing marketing time
and all the production of your general for example
forwarded for sale at the cooperative value largest
flower marketing
and ornamental plants from Brazil
everything is done by the system of auctions
three clocks that bring the main information on the lots at the moment
of the sale, which allows the marketing of three lots of
flowers and plants sinimbu
more than 400 employees are involved in the entire
the auction starts here
these are the lots each lot corresponds to a cart
which is driven to the milan lane but against 1 3 million less each
auctioneer with their panel the corresponding to their lot they are
auctioned in these countries the producer can bid and close negotiation
dagostin
the Northerners are forwarded also the carts are simultaneous
to this part where tea is made from
all very dynamic
all very computerized yet the efficiency that is required
of a place like this within a dynamic that this business needs from there
left lots go to the track here are already closed lot are forwarded to your
buyers and this happens since 1989
in this way however the efficiency with which all the responsibility of nani
here it is necessary to close good deals here in the old and look what are
more than three thousand five hundred cars passing by here
with flowers and ornamental plants
every day
the marketing is done in record time
on average every two seconds in the lot won by more than 300 customers
who buys his products here and sells them in brazil worldwide
within this efficient dynamic marketing process a thing
it is fundamental
the strict quality standard required for the texture
beauty products presented by more than 400 suppliers of value
what's up
the products of the line by shaping the fish
make all the difference
d